benefits can you take advantage of as a junior officer of the education
One. Go get your master's degree on the Navy. The Navy pay for that?
Um, if you want a little, you know, I am a ship driver. I did have
an opportunity early on. Was that moderate? I could have changed Group
Pass. They were looking for nuclear reactor ulcers. At that point,
I did not want to go to a carrier. That was all it was. A lot of
junior class cruisers were gone that for So I did not want to go with
your power. I will say, if you are pop world percent e key on your
fit ruts. You know, you want to think about a switch. You know, you
could be a doctor. After 30 years, you can be a dentist. You know
you can. Holte is anymore. So that's kind of interesting. You know,
we're unrestricted line officers. That's mainly I'm talking to this
point understood line. But if you after serving some good tours beside,
you know that's an option, you go to hell to send in tow. It's selected
by, you know, the detailers in transition over to medical dental
nurse, medical service score. It's a great life. We take advantage
of the education